Across last year's first three quarters, Lucid posted a net loss of roughly $1.88 billion. While the launch of the Gravity SUV substantially increased the company's vehicle production and deliveries, the business is still far away from a potential shift into profitability. As a result, the company will likely continue to rely heavily on new stock sales in order to fund its operations -- creating a dilutive impact for shareholders.

With these dynamics in mind, I think it's very unlikely that the stock will go on to be the next Tesla.

Should you buy stock in Lucid Group right now?
Before you buy stock in Lucid Group, consider this:

The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Lucid Group wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.

Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $474,578!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,141,628!*



Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 955% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 196% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.


Lucid (NASDAQ: LCID) is a player in the electric vehicle (EV) market focused on luxury sedans and SUVs. The company's Air sedans and Gravity SUVs generally receive very high marks from automotive media outlets and drivers, and the business's basic strategy bears substantial similarities to the approach that Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) used to become one of the world's most valuable companies.

Tesla posted negative gross margins on each vehicle sold and operated at a loss for years, but the company bet that driving adoption for its vehicles and expanding manufacturing operations would allow it to leverage economies of scale and improve margins as the marginal cost to produce additional vehicles fell.

With Lucid utilizing a similar strategy, could the smaller EV company eventually go on to produce Tesla-like returns?